so which have it? Our know their habits are helpful at home. Most important,
one would be chain of command to realize that when you go home,
your significant other is still your important scene. Good on your
now. Messing in significant others. Okay, so? So that's a hard spot
when people want to be a charge and it's on the charge. Hey, I'm in
charge. Well, this is Hey, what city when their hope so happy spouse
would be like when you go home. Best thing, remember, is good order
and discipline. However, this one is Okay, Someone's in charge. Probably
you. It's three in the morning. A little one needs changing
and hypertension Do they hurt? Oh, so you have very little control over
that. Enjoy it. Enjoy the chaos. Okay, remember, that's what you're
fighting for. That's why you go to see is life. Liberty and pursuit
of happiness. Happiness A lot of fun. We'll get something